The Spring Festival is too short to rise
From then on, the king was not early
His Highness wrote a poem casually
What a poet
What about the back?
Three thousand harem beauties
Three thousand pets in one
Thank you. Are you alright?
Your Highness, something has happened
Empress Dowager usually likes to watch plays
The First Prince has taken Kyoto
All the troupes are reported
We can't hire anyone.
What can we do about this?
Isn't it just listening to music and watching plays?
It's very simple.
You have a way
The mountain people have their own tricks
Yo, Your Highness the Thirteenth, you are here, hahaha.
Do you miss my Rongrong?
Rongrong is about to come to His Highness the Thirteenth
Your Highness, your so-called brilliant plan is to visit the brothel?
13 Your Highness
13 His Highness has not been here for a long time
Rongrong misses you so hard
Your Highness is serious
Your Highness is very kind
Sisters are coming down soon
Your Highness, you are not doing business
If the princess is gentle
I won't help you.
I'll tell the princess when I get back